FAQ

1. General

What is "Potato-C"?
Potato-C is an no-OOP, programming language designed to be as fast as
assembly and being as readable as C.

Where does "Potato-C" got it's syntax?
Some weeks ago i was developing a programming language for controlling
stepper motors named SCRIPT-SR (closed source), the syntax mimic'ed
the syntax of assembly. In some later weeks, i redesigned the programming
language SCRIPT-SR into another programming language named TIDAL wich
served the same porpouse. However, TIDAL was dotted with a Lexer, a Parser
and many other cool stuff for a programming language. It's mimic to assembly
and the case that it ressembled C made me change the name to "Potato-C" and
made it what is today.

Why is it named "Potato-C"?
Due to his similarities with C, it has been named Potato-C as a reference
to "Potato" PCs.

How many architectures does "Potato-C" supports?
Potato-C, at the time of writing supports no architectures, unless echo()
is used.

Where i can get "Potato-C"?
Potato-C can be got from the releases page, there are compiled versions for
Linux.

What license does Potato-C has?
Potato-C is under the BSD license, see LICENSE.md for more information.

What operating systems Potato-C can be compiled?
Potato-C has a Makefile that should work on most compilers. So it's
reasonable to say that Potato-C can be compiled on DOS, AmigaOS, C64,
Apple II (including IIgs), Windows, Linux, MacOS, etc. Basically all
the compilers that supports the C89 standard.

What are the advantages of "Potato-C" over conventional assembly?
Potato-C can be portable to any architecture, with the style of assembly
it tries to mimic assembly code in a simple assembly syntax, due
to the compiler capacities, Potato-C can be used as a transpiler for
different assemblers.

Why not just use C?
6502, CDC 6000, are examples of architectures that nowhere will support
conventional C, without a huge modification or some weird ANSI standard.

2. Troubleshooting

When i input certain platform, i.e "cdc6000", i get a blank output, why?
Potato-C is under developement, generating blank outputs means that
the architecture is not supported yet. You can see a list of supported
architectures using the command line option "-ha".

X is incorrect why i don't get Y error?
Potato-C has a weak error handler, the most it can do is give you some
hint when outputting data on the command line.

I made my own CPU and i want it to be added now!
You're very welcome to give a complete manual on how to handle registers
and stuff. Send me a message via discord (SuperLeaf 1995#5912) and i will
kindly add support for your CPU to Potato-C.

I found a bug, what should i do?
Just open a new issue in the repository, and i will check it out. Give
Potato-C's debug output in a text file or in the issue itself.
